[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be vlogging I need to join you a day in
my life
during quarantine and it's currently 8
a.m. and I just spent an hour reading on
the sofa downstairs which is really nice
I'm currently reading Murder on the
Orient Express which I'm reading is part
of a book club with two of my university
friends ashram blakeney so I really want
to be productive today I've got quite a
long to-do list
[Music]
I saw stuff by just doing some general
admin and then I made a plan for the
rest of the day I also scheduled a
livestream because I do a live study
with me every Thursday morning and it
was Thursday Thursday and then I went
through and tracks my expenses for the
last month there wasn't so much to track
this month because obviously we've been
in lockdown and then I got on to writing
some of my book which I tried to do
every single day so I did this before I
started my livestream so then I did the
livestream and I was studying obviously
whilst I was doing this so every Monday
and Thursday I do a live study with me
because I want to help people stay
motivated at the moment however
everything was going wrong with that
last one I did like I tried to do my
Thursday morning livestream and it just
was not going well so I ended up handing
it after only half an hour it's meant to
go on for at least an hour really bad
about that but everything was going
wrong with it it just felt like Captain
freezing and I had no idea why it was
freezing so I thought I'd sort out the
issue I have ended that it's now half
9:00 and I'm gonna keep on writing my
book which I'm enjoying doing I just
want to write to the end of chapter 22
and then I'm gonna take a break it's now
10 and 25 so I've been doing this for a
really long time I've finished chapter
22 and I was it in chapter 23 I'm going
to draw a picture my protagonist bedroom
because I feel like I should have done
this beforehand and it definitely will
be useful to keep in mind I'm also going
to put on some music I think I'm gonna
listen to some Alexis French
[Music]
after I done that I wrote a list of
possible short stories that I wanted to
write the kids I do really enjoy
creative writing and I always have loads
of ideas on the tip of my tongue
which I'm storing in my head but it's a
good idea to write them down because
otherwise you forget about them okay
it's 11:00 and I don't really know what
I'm going to do now I need to check my
to-do list think I'm gonna do a little
bit of work on the extra essay I'm
writing at the moment just for fun
because I finished my second draft
yesterday I just want to check through
it um literally as well my eyes are
hurting so much they just keep on
watering am I really am convinced that I
have cocaine even this year I went
through the essay basically just read it
aloud and checked for any grammatical
mistakes or places where I didn't really
like the coherency of it and also did a
few extra pieces of research where I
didn't think it was sufficient
[Music]
okay it's 11:30 I have just finished
checking through that si I'm just making
a few tiny edits I am finding it so hard
to concentrate though like I'm really
funky at it
the United Nations World Food Programme
has launched a new campaign called
United me eats where they're encouraging
people to share recipes and meals online
so basically just really easy recipes
which anyone can make from ingredients
in their cupboard and its really really
cool actually just gonna quickly message
a few people about this campaign to let
them know about it and I'm also going to
you think about what I'm gonna post
because I don't know yeah which recipe
I'm gonna paste but I'm gonna plan it
and then film it and then make it for
lunch and film it today
okay it's pretty much lunchtime now say
I'm gonna go downstairs and I'm actually
really hungry I'm gonna go downstairs
and I'm going to make something for the
United we eat campaign I am now going to
you I'm vlogging today the Capitol annex
Oh
Martha's dynafleet Oh silver how cool is
that so um I'm gonna plant my pumpkins
now with dad
here we go then amazing hopeless can go
directly into compost ears the pots that
we're going to be starting the pumpkins
in here are the seeds
[Music]
every year we plant pumpkins last year
in the other floor they didn't come up
floated they like yeah last year do we
even do them last year I forgot to see
my pumpkins last year and then it got
too and I was like hey where are my
pumpkins and I was like well you didn't
plant them so they shouldn't come ha but
the year before that they came up
massive like we had huge ones this big
and we had loads of jack-o'-lanterns and
[Music]
that's Lisa grounding about having them
like model your hands
mom was laughing so much at this
basically dad decided to put all of the
pots in this massive wheelbarrow trailer
thing and mom was like that is just so
so extra and yes it was but we took them
down to you honey the school's success
literally I did nothing dad did all of
it he had Judy potted everything and I
just put the season but let's pretend
that I did proper gardening and if it's
fun to do it I might do a little bit of
gymnastics
I've kept my mat on the ramp think it
hasn't been raining and it's quite good
for practicing skills I'll go on the
trampoline again later when I'm wearing
something actually sufficient and proper
exercise yeah I've actually got hay
fever now I think I'm not sure because
I've never had it before so I don't know
if I'm just making it up or if it's
something else and I'm just thinking
it's hay fever at the moment my eyes are
okay even though I'm outside singing a
little bit I'm watering a tiny bit but
not really
yesterday I was properly crying and I
didn't know why because it just came out
of nowhere
since my nose is been streaming and I
wake up this morning and literally all
day all morning I found a really hot
concentrate and my eyes are seeing you
so much so I think it must be hay fever
but I'm just confused because I've never
ever
so it's just strange I know it's
definitely not as bad as some people's
hay fever will be I've got friends who
haven't really really bad and I feel
awful for them but it has not been
Pleasant and I empathize fully with
everyone who does have hay fever
[Music]
I decided to sit outside anticipating
this is the first time I painted since I
was since I stopped doing art for those
near heeds but it was really good fun
and I decided to paint a picture of no
face
[Music]
so I thought I would also show you a
very quick outfit of the day so I was
wearing a plain navy long-sleeved top
from the white company with a boater
from Miss patina and my beautiful cats
got from Miss patina which is one of my
favorite items of clothing and then I
filmed a sit-down video which took a
very long time to that I had to change
for part of the video which is why I'm
wearing a different cardigan but I am
now going to go outside and do some
exercise because I'm gonna exercise yet
today and as I said I'm trying to leave
it to a bit later in the day to exercise
because the last few days I the other
day I did five solid hours of gymnastics
because it's just so much fun and I
ended up completely wearing myself out
because it was so hot I felt really ill
afterwards so I am going to do it now
twenty past five so it's getting on that
video took me a long time to film
through get changed into some piece
tough piece tough walk out things and I
will see you in a second
outfit I am wearing this Judy Hopps
t-shirt fun fact she is my favorite
Disney character leggings I've realized
that I really need to get a second pair
of leggings cuz I've only got one pair
of active wear leggings and I wear them
everyday so Washington becomes prompt
today I want to practice tie forward
rolls onto my mat I'm still practicing
my side arrow because I want to get it
on ground and I'm going to try and do
some front arrow prep which I'm kind of
nervous for but hopefully it won't go
too badly a my it is still say hot
[Music]
I've just made some positive everyone
and I reading Murder on the Orient
Express mums dyeing her hair at the
moment she's gonna have hers later into
his mother
it's now seven
I've eaten I'm now quickly tidying with
okay I'm sorry I know I've been super
inconsistent with actually vlogging this
evening I basically spent the entire
evening editing my video for the study
she project is on Victorian latter
writing etiquette and so they're
interesting to research but taking a
while at it I haven't completely
finished it yet but I'm hoping to finish
up tomorrow morning and then it'll go up
the next day
as always I'm sorry for this terrible
light in my bedroom it's currently 10:20
I am going to finish Murder on the
Orient Express and I'm very excited to
you I've got like 80 pages left so
really not that much I would definitely
finish it and yes thank you so much for
watching today's video I hope you
enjoyed it and it was a really chatty
blog that's what I was intending for it
to be and yes I hope that you have a
pretty